cosmo: deprecate `inf_like` (#12175)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/cosmology/12175.api.rst

> The non-public function ``inf_like`` is removed.

Reviewer: Should there be a change log entry if the public API has not changed?

Author: Debatably.
In v4.3- this function lived directly in ``cosmology/core.py`` along with all the publicly scoped functions. Only recently was it moved to ``utils.py`` to make it more clear that this is not publicly scoped.
Additionally it isn't prefixed with an underscore, so I think it's easily mistaken for public API.

Author: Better safe than sorry, and including a changelog for an edge-case never hurt anyone.

Reviewer: Removing it certainly requires a change log entry then, but it might be better to be more explicit about what exactly has been removed:
```suggestion
The function ``astropy.cosmology.utils.inf_like()`` is removed.
```

Author: SGTM. Thanks for the suggestion.
